added release notes up to 10.17.0.25 (#150)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-17-0/platform-10-17-0.md

<td>10.16.45.0</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Core platform</td>

> <td>The switch <code>acl.measurement.only-accessible-fragments</code> has been added to allows administrators to define inventory roles which let users retrieve a subset of the available fragments from all measurements. The property can be set globally or per tenant. If switched on, the measurement series will be filtered according to the ACL (access control list) role owned by the user and assigned to the device group. Returned measurements will only contain the available fragments listed in assigned ACL roles.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>The switch <code>acl.measurement.only-accessible-fragments</code> has been added to allow administrators to define inventory roles which let users retrieve a subset of the available fragments from all measurements. The property can be set globally or per tenant. If switched on, the measurement series is filtered according to the ACL (access control list) role owned by the user and assigned to the device group. Returned measurements only contain the available fragments listed in assigned ACL roles.</td>

```
